.TH XININFO 1 xininfo
.SH NAME
.PP
xininfo \- a tool to query the layout and size of each configured monitor.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBxininfo\fP [\-monitor \fIid\fP] [\-active\-mon] [\-mon\-size] [ \-mon\-width ] [ \-mon\-height ] [ \-mon\-x ] 
[ \-mon\-y ] [ \-mon\-pos ] [ \-num\-mon ] [ \-max\-mon\-width ] [ \-max\-mon\-height ] [ \-print ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
\fBxininfo\fP is an X11 utility to query the current layout and size of each configured monitor. It is
designed to be used by scripts.
.SH License
.PP
MIT/X11
.SH USAGE
.PP
\fBxininfo\fP accepts the following commands. Multiple commands can be concatenated.
All information returned is in number of pixels.
.PP
\fB\fCmonitor\fR \fIid\fP
.PP
.RS
.nf
Set queried monitor to *id*. By default it uses the active monitor.
.fi
.RE
.PP
\fB\fCactive\-mon\fR 
.PP
.RS
.nf
Query the *id* of the active monitor.
**Prints**: *id* 
.fi
.RE
.PP
\fB\fCmon\-size\fR
.PP
.RS
.nf
Get the size of the monitor.
**Prints**: *width* *height* 
.fi
.RE
.PP
\fB\fCmon\-width\fR 
.PP
.RS
.nf
Get the width of the monitor:
**Prints**: *width*
.fi
.RE
.PP
\fB\fCmon\-height\fR 
.PP
.RS
.nf
Get the height of the monitor:
**Prints**: *height*
.fi
.RE
.PP
\fB\fCmon\-x\fR 
.PP
.RS
.nf
Get the x position of the monitor:
**Prints**: *x*
.fi
.RE
.PP
\fB\fCmon\-y\fR 
.PP
.RS
.nf
Get the y position of the monitor:
**Prints**: *y*
.fi
.RE
.PP
\fB\fCmon\-pos\fR 
.PP
.RS
.nf
Get the position of the monitor:
**Prints**: *x* *y*
.fi
.RE
.PP
\fB\fCnum\-mon\fR 
.PP
.RS
.nf
Queries the number of configured monitors.
**Prints**: *#monitors*
.fi
.RE
.PP
\fB\fCmax\-mon\-width\fR 
.PP
.RS
.nf
Query width of the monitor with the most horizontal pixels
**Prints**: *width*
.fi
.RE
.PP
\fB\fCmax\-mon\-height\fR 
.PP
.RS
.nf
Query height of the monitor with the most vertical pixels
**Prints**: *width*
.fi
.RE
.PP
\fB\fCprint\fR 
.PP
.RS
.nf
Print out all information in a human readable format.
.fi
.RE
.SH AUTHOR
.PP
Qball Cow 
\[la]qball@gmpclient.org\[ra]
